there is no such thing as a first step
there is only a step there's only the
step that you can take that's not a
philosophy that is an actual reality
yeah but don't try it next week don't
know much you're like try tomorrow
like you guys need to start today yeah I
I can't believe I'm about to say this
but the subs giving it away it's like
throwing me off because of the sound but
I understand that I'm supposed to
encourage this behavior I mean so so I
think you guys should do right but like
understand that
so try is the problem don't try do or
fail I'll take either of those either of
those are fine like failing is fine the
problem is trying trying is the problem
you do you don't have to succeed like
failing is great failing is fantastic
just do or [ __ ] up like fail or succeed
but do one of those two things try is
like in the middle try is like tries
like it's like the [ __ ] future killer
try is a thing that prevents you from
actually doing anything it don't try
just do it and [ __ ] up like failure so
this is a very common problem where like
people think that the way that you get
confident is through success but you
don't get confident through success you
get confident through failure right
think about that for a second like when
you screw up and you survive and you
come out on the other side and you're
still alive like that's when you get
confidence it's like oh wow like I fell
down oh look I can get back up again
then you don't have to be afraid of
walking right just just do something let
just try and then if you don't mean I
say try do it and then fail and then
like look at it understand it what
happened what happened why did I fail
like what actually happened was it
motivation was a discipline was it
willpower is it because and think about
this - because gamers think that they
want all this stuff like you guys want
stuff yeah like I want a [ __ ] yacht
like I said I want a jet plane you know
I want like like this mic setup to work
properly I want
all that stuff but like what isn't gonna
get you anywhere Lane north shouldn't
because I also work with people that
want a lot of things and they are not as
lazy and they don't they're not happy
like this is the other big thing is that
even if you accomplish your wants you're
not gonna be happy and people here are
saying the hardest part is taking that
first step like this is what y'all also
have to understand every step is the
first step there's only one step to be
taken it's not the first step
that's like future-oriented thinking
which is wrong it's like where does
climate change gonna be fixed in the
future wrong it's gonna be fixed now
like you go outside you plant a [ __ ]
tree that's how it gets done future is
an illusion of the mind understand this
very deeply like I know it sounds crazy
but I want you guys to really like sink
into this right so PI to Africa said the
hardest part is taking that first step
there is no such thing as a first step
there is only a step there's only the
step that you can take that's not a
philosophy that is an actual reality so
I want you guys to understand this right
now we are in the present and where are
we now in the present where are we now
in the present where are we now in the
present this is the only thing that
there is and gamer's you guys your mind
plays all kinds of tricks with you once
you incorporate the future because once
the future is a possibility you're
[ __ ]
right like once the future is a
possibility then you could do something
in the future like we didn't really get
too much into this but I want you guys
to understand that for Joro
the future is the problem he can move
out one day he's gonna do it one day
he's gonna exercise one day one day one
day one day one day one day no he can't
exercise one day the only time he can
exercise is now literally you cannot
exercise except for right now so like
understand that you guys have to be in
the collective present is the only place
that exists and the more that you try to
solve problems in the future like no
wonder they're not getting solved
because you're [ __ ] solving them in
the play
that doesn't exist so people are asking
can't future thinking be helpful
absolutely
like you don't accomplish much without
thinking about the future right so like
I couldn't stream if I just randomly
decided when to stream like I have to
schedule so it's absolutely apart like
so the future thinking mind is one
function of the mind that needs to be
under your control right you should
decide when the future thinking mind
gets to run the show and when it doesn't
the problem is that for a lot of people
the future thinking mind runs the show
it says what we're gonna do it later
like that's what procrastination is
procrastination is an overblown future
thinking mind consequences in the future
being overblown does what we call
anxiety all of the problems of the mind
are normal functions of the mind that
have taken control from you